Remove truncation functionality from Stepped Tracker (#2045)
jpmorganchase/salt-ds: .changeset/fresh-readers-sip.md

---
"@salt-ds/lab": patch
---

> Removed truncation and tooltip behaviour from SteppedTracker. After re-assessment it was jusdged that simply wrapping advising against long labels and wrapping text where necessary was preferable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removed truncation and tooltip behaviour from Stepped Tracker. After re-assessment it was judged that simply wrapping advising against long labels and wrapping text where necessary was preferable.
```
